FIX Readme (#50)
benchopt/benchmark_tv_1d: README.rst

This benchmark is dedicated to solver of TV-1D regularised regression problem:

$$\\boldsymbol{u} \\in \\underset{\\boldsymbol{u} \\in \\mathbb{R}^{p}}{\\mathrm{argmin}} f(\\boldsymbol{y}, A \\boldsymbol{u}) + g(D\\boldsymbol{u})$$

> - $\\boldsymbol{y} \\in \\mathbb{R}^{n}$ is observation as target vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $\\boldsymbol{y} \\in \\mathbb{R}^{n}$ is a vector of observations or targets
```

> - $A \\in \\mathbb{R}^{n \\times p}$ is a designed operator as an amplifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $A \\in \\mathbb{R}^{n \\times p}$ is a design matrix or forward operator
```

- $\\lambda > 0$ is a regularization hyperparameter.
- $f(\\boldsymbol{y}, A\\boldsymbol{u}) = \\sum\\limits_{k} l(y_{k}, (A\\boldsymbol{u})_{k})$ is a loss function, where $l$ can be quadratic loss as $l(y, x) = \\frac{1}{2} \\vert y - x \\vert_2^2$, or Huber loss as $l(y, x) = h_{\\delta} (y - x)$ defined by

$$   
h_{\\delta}(t) = \\begin{cases} \\frac{1}{2} t^2 & \\mathrm{ if } \\vert t \\vert \\le \\delta \\\\ \\delta \\vert t \\vert - \\frac{1}{2} \\delta^2 & \\mathrm{ otherwise} \\end{cases}
$$

- $D \\in \\mathbb{R}^{(p-1) \\times p}$ is a finite difference operator, such that the regularised TV-1D term $g(D\\boldsymbol{u}) = \\lambda \\| \\boldsymbol{u} \\|_{TV}$ expressed as follows.

$$g(D\\boldsymbol{u}) = \\lambda \\| D \\boldsymbol{u} \\|_{1} = \\lambda \\sum\\limits_{k = 1}^{p-1} \\vert u_{k+1} - u_{k} \\vert $$

> where n (or n_samples) stands for the number of samples, p (or n_features) stands for the number of features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where n (or `n_samples`) stands for the number of samples, p (or `n_features`) stands for the number of features.
```
